Given that we have only two more iterations, things should be coming together now.  The "big catch" (risk) is there is not yet (to my knowledge) a fully agreed upon interface for the information about a given Patient.  Team leaders need to get together and work on this - setting a deadline for finalizing it as they see fit, keeping in mind the overall deadline.   Even if this deadline is set before the due date for the current iteration (April 17), it is quite possible that teams will not have fully adjusted to the interface.   Complete compliance with that interface might be a goal, but is not a requirement, of this iteration.

[Just to clarify what is coming, there WILL be (20-minute, including questions) demonstrations by each team as part of the next iteration.  Those demonstrations will occur during class (lecture) time during the last week of the semester.  Such demonstrations ARE part of Iteration 3.]

At this point, the domain model should be relatively stable (but obviously individual teams might differ with regards to patient information.)   No artifact is ever "final" in an agile development environment, but this one should be pretty close.

- Each group should have written use cases for typical and “typical error” scenarios.  These should be more fleshed out than in the previous iteration.   For this iteration, teams should also choose, and indicate, which use cases will be part of the demonstration.  [As always, these decisions are subject to change - but you must have a plan.]
- Draft code should be as complete as possible, keeping in mind that future changes will obviously affect things - as will the ultimate design of the interface for patient information.
- Whereas the previous iteration required that each team provide a sample report, now each team should specifically have code that generates such a sample report.  These reports can be "crude" at this point - meaning that they needn't have all the bells and whistles of bolding, horizontal and vertical lines, etc. - but should be software-generated.  [Cleaning up the reports, perhaps by having them create output in a markup language, can be part of the next iteration should a team feel that is appropriate.]
- Each group should be prepared to "react" to the finalization of the Patient information interface.   The consulting register team should be sharing (on an ongoing basis?) not just the software interface (API) for the patient records, but any components (in alpha- or beta-testable format) that can be used by other teams to input this information.
- GitHub repository for each group should have an Archive folder that has subfolders for each iteration.  The evidence for each of the above bullet points should be stored in the “Iteration 2” subfolder.  (I know that this organization subverts much of the versioning provided by Git, but it makes my grading task easier.)

Iteration 2 is due at 5 p.m. on April 17.  Project leaders are expected to upload a link to the team's repository by the due date.  Doing so indicates that the materials in the Iteration 2 subfolder are ready for review.
